How your robot should use an elevator

1.Accept verbal or input of which floor to access.
2.save floor entry as x.
3.Access online database blueprint of current building in the current location.
4.locate elevator with in the current floor plan navigate to elevator.
	a.stop 2 feet away from elevator door entrance.
	b.Scan for access of elevator if doors are open move to step 5.
	c.if closed scan 45 degree left for call button if locate move to step e.
	d.scan 45 degree right for call button if locate move to step e.
	e.move parallel with elevator in the direction scanned until button is at 0 degree.
	f.deploy robot hands to press call button.
	g.return to step a position.
	h.scan ever 10 seconds for elevator door to open.
5.enter 2 feet past elevator door and turn 180 degree.
	a.scan 45 degree left for key pad if locate move to step c.
	b.scan 45 degree right for key pad .
	c.move parallel with elevator in the direction scanned until key pad is at 0 degree.
	d.scan pad for corresponding number as x
	e.deploy robot hands to press call number label x.
6.move back to step 5 position 
7.scan every 10 second for elevator door to open.
8.exit elevator by passing elevator door by 2 feet.
9.resume robot duties

Getting ready in the morning

1.wake up to ringing of alarm clock
2.look at current time.
	a.hit snoozes and go back to sleep
3.repeat steps 1 and 2 at least 3 times.
4.remove blankets and sit up from bed.
5.exit bed and navigate to bathroom
6.turn on water by spinning hot water knob once and cold water knob twice.
7.remove clothe and enter shower.
	a.apply soup to hair face and body.
	b.wash hair face and then body.
	c.turn off shower by turning hot knob back once and cold knob back twice.
8.grab towel and dry off body 
9.wrap towel around waist
10. exit shower and move forward to sink.
11.pick up tooth brush and activate tooth brushing algorithm.
12.wash face once again and using face towel to dry face.
13.exit bath back to bedroom and change into preset clothe.
14.throw dirty face and bath towel into laundry basket.
15.grab clean face and bath towel from closet.
16.enter bathroom replace bath and face towel in designated location.
17.return to sink activate hair comb algorithms(with wax).
18.locate and navigate to front door of house
19.put on shoes and exit the house.
20.enter car and activate driving algorithm


